the ocean a body of unparalleled beauty
and on World Oceans Day we recognize
this vast ecosystem home to crustaceans
sea stars
plankton cephalopods the elusive C
square and of course the sea sponge but
it's up to us to come together and
preserve this peaceful and delicate work
[Music]
so for World Oceans Day do your part to
keep our oceans clean and protect your
home of Spongebob and Gary and all sea
creatures
don't miss the spongebob movie sponge on
the road Harry huh you want to be
friends too Gary
[Music]
this summer the search begins friends
don't let friends to a dangerous quest
with all new faces
hello call me sage Goodman eight out of
sage I am a sage so it works out pretty
well
I'm Patrick my name means toaster in
Celtic look we're the Spongebob movie
sponge on the run I love your sense of
irony Patrick thank you I love my sense
of irony to this film is not yet rated
you